c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.dll.config
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.pdb
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.dll.config
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.pdb
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\johngorter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Trainings\Trainings\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\JohnGorter\Downloads\AzureDemo-master\AzureDemo-master\Trainings\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
C:\Users\JohnGorter\Downloads\AzureDemo-master\AzureDemo-master\Trainings\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
